Adding initial version of `ww-sra-cellranger` WILDS WDL pipeline (#326)
getwilds/wilds-wdl-library: modules/ww-sra/README.md

## Overview

> This module provides reusable WDL tasks for downloading sequencing data from the SRA using the SRA toolkit. It handles single-end, paired-end, and multi-read data (e.g., 10x Chromium single-cell), automatically detecting the read type and processing accordingly.

Reviewer: I think you should go back to the original sentence. 10x data is considered paired-end, and handling index files could apply to other illumina-sequenced data.

Author: Gotcha, good catch, reverted in https://github.com/getwilds/wilds-wdl-library/pull/326/commits/37f6b88778d177c1cacac5d7909b08fe28318f76

## Tasks

### `fastqdump`

> Downloads FASTQ files from SRA accessions with automatic read structure detection. Handles standard paired-end data as well as multi-read single-cell data (e.g., 10x Chromium with barcode, index, and cDNA reads) by including technical reads and reassigning files so that R1 and R2 outputs always contain the biological reads. Supports controlled-access dbGaP data via optional NGC repository key file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Downloads FASTQ files from SRA accessions with automatic read structure detection. Handles paired-end data including datasets with index fastqs (e.g., 10x Chromium with barcode, index, and cDNA reads) by including technical reads and reassigning files so that R1 and R2 outputs always contain the biological reads. Supports controlled-access dbGaP data via optional NGC repository key file.
```
I would re-phrase, since 10x is paired-end

- **SRR**: Single sample run accessions
- **ERR**: ENA (European Nucleotide Archive) accessions
- **DRR**: DDBJ (DNA Data Bank of Japan) accessions

> - Supports single-end, paired-end, and multi-read (e.g., 10x single-cell) automatically

Reviewer: I think go back to the original sentence

Author: Good call, reverted in https://github.com/getwilds/wilds-wdl-library/pull/326/commits/37f6b88778d177c1cacac5d7909b08fe28318f76

## Features

> - **Automatic read structure detection**: Handles single-end, paired-end, and multi-read (e.g., 10x single-cell) data automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Automatic read structure detection**: Handles single-end and paired-end data automatically
```
